Shorten `repr` of `Segment`s with many elements (#529)
desy-ml/cheetah: CHANGELOG.md

- Implement second-order tracking for `Drift`, `Dipole` and `Quadrupole` elements, and add a convenient method to set tracking methods for an entire segment. This comes with an overhaul of the overall tracking system. Rename the tracking method `"cheetah"` to `"linear"` and `"bmadx"` to `"drift_kick_drift"`. The existing methods `"cheetah"` and `"bmadx"` will remain supported with a `DeprecationWarning`. (see #476) (@cr-xu, @jank324, @Hespe)
- `Cavity` now supports travelling wave cavities in addition to standing wave cavities via the `cavity_type` argument (see #286) (@zihan-zh, @jank324)

> - Abbreviate the `repr` of `Segment` for large lattices to prevent debugging slowdowns (see #529) (@Hespe)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shorten `__repr__` of `Segment` for large lattices to prevent debugging slowdowns (see #529) (@Hespe)
```
